# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via
    #   dm-tree
    #   etils
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   dm-tree
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via streamlit
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dm-tree==0.1.9
    # via tensorflow-datasets
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via simple-parsing
einops==0.8.1
    # via etils
emoji==0.6.0
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
etils==1.13.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.59.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via streamlit
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.73.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.14.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
huggingface-hub==0.33.4
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via requests
immutabledict==4.2.1
    # via tensorflow-datasets
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via etils
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via nbclient
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
kagglehub==0.3.12
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
keras==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.8.2
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
namex==0.1.0
    # via keras
narwhals==1.47.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   plotly
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   xenty (pyproject.toml)
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   dm-tree
    #   etils
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   transformers
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow
optree==0.16.0
    # via keras
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kagglehub
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   xenty (pyproject.toml)
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
pip==25.1.1
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==6.2.0
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==4.21.12
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
psutil==7.0.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow-datasets
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kagglehub
    #   transformers
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via jupyter-client
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kagglehub
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   transformers
rich==14.0.0
    # via keras
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
scipy==1.15.3
    # via scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
simple-parsing==0.1.7
    # via tensorflow-datasets
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-metal
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
streamlit==1.47.0
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via streamlit
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.19.0
    # via
    #   xenty (pyproject.toml)
    #   tf-keras
tensorflow-datasets==4.9.9
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.17.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-metal==1.2.0
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
tf-keras==2.19.0
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow-datasets
torch==2.7.1
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   etils
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kagglehub
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.53.2
    # via xenty (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   etils
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mistune
    #   optree
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   simple-parsing
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorflow-metal
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   dm-tree
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
zipp==3.23.0
    # via etils
